README.md, before:

# FancyCars README

# Scope of FancyCars Project
In this Project, following scenarios were implemented:
 - Show 10 cars and for each car they want to show picture, name, make, model and availability of the car.
 - Sort by both name and availability of the car
front-end
 - Show buy button but it only shows up if Availability is “In Dealership”
 - Make homepage mobile optimized and responsive

# Technical Stack
This project has been build primarily with React, Redux, Redux-thunk

### JSON Stubbing Details
In order to mock the fake the api calls, jsonstub.com platform was chosen. It allows to make 45 api calls in minutes. Please note, that the production build of the product:
	- works smoothly in firefox
	- does not work in Google Chrome, because the json stub server does not include Access-Control-Allow-Origin header in response to the preflight response. A CORS will fail if Access-Control-Allow-Origin is missing.
	A workaround to check the compatibility of the code in google chrome, will be to download the project, install the dependencies and run "npm run start"

# Run the project
## Firefox/Safari
- Install the build folder and open index.html in Firefox

## Google chrome
 - Download the whole Project (details for this approach is explained in the JSON Stubbing Section)
 - install the dependencies using node package manager by running 'npm install'
 - in the node terminal, run 'npm run start'
 - navigate to 'http://localhost:3001/#/' and you should be able to view content

# Overall Structure of the application
## Loading Cars list
When the user accesses FancyCars, an api call is made to jsonstub to get cars List. This information is updated in the store to ensure that user can start to view the content of the page.

## Updating Cars Availability:
For each car, request to get its availability detail is made right after the store is updated with the cars List. This design ensures that while the user is processing information on the front page, at the backend store is being updated with availability information as well. Beauty of asynchronus calls!

In a large Scale Setting, we need to ensure that when the availability of a car is updated, the content of the entire application is not re-rendered. To ensure that FancyCars is performant at a large scale, shouldComponentUpdate life cycle method was added to the last rendering component Car. This method will lead to component updating, only if the content is available field of the car in question is updated.

## Redux store
The store is broken down into two segments : carsList and Filter options.
ActionCreator methods are a precursor to accessing the reducer function. This approach will assist in keeping implementation action creator uniform and makes code debugging very smooth.

All reducers have been thoroughly test with 100% coverage;

## Presentation Container Pattern
The logic aspect of the application is handled by LandingPageContainer Object and the view components are used to create the UI. Please note, the Cars component is presentation component, but it has logic to determine when to update. A measure taken to make a performant app.

This pattern is great way to make sure that logic intensive stuff of the app is being dealt at the top layer of the app.

# Potential Future Improvements
## Error Boundary
Currently the project does not have error boundary  component and thus if there is any error in the app, the whole app would crash. Certainly this should be avoided.

## Use flow
The input to all component is not checked and there is not process in place to ensure that required props are passed to the child components. This can lead to huge hindrance to debugging as the scope of the project grows.

## Comments
The app does not have many comments. Instead, I focussed on naming the functions and classes in a intuitive fashion. However, when a large team is working on a project, the naming convention might not be standard amongst team members and comments can come to rescue

Commit message:

updated grammar mistakes in the REadme and updated the description Package.json file

README.md, after:

# FancyCars README

 Scope of FancyCars Project
In this Project, following scenarios were implemented:
 - Show 10 cars and for each car they want to show picture, name, make, model and availability of the car.
 - Sort by both name and availability of the car
front-end
 - Show buy button but it only shows up if Availability is “In Dealership”
 - Make homepage mobile optimized and responsive

# Technical Stack
This project has been built primarily with React, Redux, Redux-thunk

### JSON Stubbing Constraints
In order to mock the fake the API calls, jsonstub.com platform was chosen. It allows making 45 API calls in minutes. Please note, that the production build of the product:
	- works smoothly in firefox
	- does not work in Google Chrome, because the JSON stub server does not include Access-Control-Allow-Origin header in response to the preflight response. A CORS will fail if Access-Control-Allow-Origin is missing.
	A workaround to check the compatibility of the code in google chrome will be to download the project, install the dependencies and run "npm run start"

# Run the project
## Firefox/Safari
- Install the build folder and open index.html in Firefox

## Google chrome
 - Download the whole Project (details for this approach is explained in the JSON Stubbing Section)
 - install the dependencies using node package manager by running 'npm install'
 - in the node terminal, run 'npm run start'
 - navigate to 'http://localhost:3001/#/' and you should be able to view content

# Overall Structure of the application
## Loading Cars list
When the user accesses FancyCars, an API call is made to jsonstub to get cars List. This information is updated in the store to ensure that user can start to view the content of the page.

## Updating Cars Availability:
For each car, request to get its availability detail is made right after the store is updated with the cars List. This design ensures that while the user is processing information on the front page, at the backend store is being updated with availability information as well. The beauty of asynchronous calls!

In a large Scale Setting, we need to ensure that when the availability of a car is updated, the content of the entire application is not re-rendered. To ensure that FancyCars is performant on a large scale, shouldComponentUpdate lifecycle method was added to the last rendering component Car. This method will lead to component updating, only if the content is an available field of the car in question is updated.

## Redux store
The store is broken down into two segments: carsList and Filter options.
ActionCreator methods are a precursor to accessing the reducer function. This approach will assist in keeping implementation action creator uniform and makes code debugging very smooth.

All reducers have been thoroughly tested with close to 100% coverage;

## Presentation Container Pattern
The logic aspect of the application is handled by LandingPageContainer Object and the view components are used to create the UI. Please note, the Cars component is presentation component, but it has logic to determine when to update. A measure is taken to make a performant app.

This pattern is a great way to make sure that logic intensive stuff of the app is being dealt with the top layer of the app.


# Potential Future Improvements
## Error Boundary
Currently, the project does not have error boundary component and thus if there is an error in the app, the whole app would crash. Certainly, this should be avoided.

## Use flow
The input to all component is not checked and there is no process in place to ensure that required props are passed to the child components. This can lead to a huge hindrance to debugging as the scope of the project grows.

## Comments
The app has minimal comments. Instead, I focussed on naming the functions and classes in an intuitive fashion. However, when a large team is working on a project, the naming convention might not be standard amongst team members and comments can come to the rescue

## Information about the Availability field
Currently, one additional API request per car has to made to update its availability. These additional calls should be avoided to reduce the load on the server. We should work towards achieving this information in the first call that provides cars List information itself
